README.md, before:

# Shook
In this increasingly flighty society, most apps are indulging our desire to reduce our accountability. Not anymore. Shook is an agreement app that can make, track, and enforce deals between friends, family members, coworkers and anyone in between. Never let your friend back out of a bet again and keep your kids on their chore grind with Shook. **Let's Shake On It!**

By [Zakir Butte](http://www.github.com/zakirb), [Scott Molsness](https://github.com/smolsn13), [Michael Hammer](https://github.com/HamMike), and [Daniel Heyward](http://www.github.com/danheyward).

***
### Technologies Used
* React.js
* React-Materialize
* Django
* PostgreSQL
* jQuery
* Axios

***
### User Stories

1) Mike's User Story
* Mike's Acceptance Criteria - blah

2) Zakir's User Story
* Zakir's Acceptance Criteria

3) Scott's User Story
* Scott's Acceptance Criteria

#### Keeping a household in working order
> "As a **mother of 3 teenage boys**, I want an app that will **keep a strict record of the chores my boys said they'd do** because I want to **reinforce accountability** while also maintaining a nice, clean house."

Acceptance Criteria
* The app is mobile responsive so I can make my Shakes on the go.
* The Recent Shakes section allows me to find my sons easily.
* My profile page updates when my sons complete or drop a shake.

***
### Wireframes

**WIREFRAMES GO HERE**


***
### Daily Progress

##### Day 1 - Planning



##### Day 2 - Base Code + App Connectivity



##### Day 3 - React Router + Token Authentication



##### Day 4 - Lorem Ipsum
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis cursus egestas mauris, non aliquet nunc feugiat eu. Sed pretium fringilla enim, ut laoreet dolor porttitor id. Nullam volutpat odio nibh, ut finibus quam rhoncus vitae. Donec volutpat sodales nisl. Duis dapibus mi eget egestas ornare. Sed libero diam, ullamcorper quis turpis et, tincidunt aliquet massa. Phasellus condimentum vulputate lobortis. Curabitur convallis rutrum eros, ut convallis dui faucibus sed. Integer tortor dolor, vulputate id neque ac, interdum euismod metus. Phasellus eget ornare erat. Mauris a quam in massa tincidunt rhoncus ut nec lectus. Cras ac nulla sed nulla venenatis imperdiet.

##### Day 5 - Lorem Ipsum
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis cursus egestas mauris, non aliquet nunc feugiat eu. Sed pretium fringilla enim, ut laoreet dolor porttitor id. Nullam volutpat odio nibh, ut finibus quam rhoncus vitae. Donec volutpat sodales nisl. Duis dapibus mi eget egestas ornare. Sed libero diam, ullamcorper quis turpis et, tincidunt aliquet massa. Phasellus condimentum vulputate lobortis. Curabitur convallis rutrum eros, ut convallis dui faucibus sed. Integer tortor dolor, vulputate id neque ac, interdum euismod metus. Phasellus eget ornare erat. Mauris a quam in massa tincidunt rhoncus ut nec lectus. Cras ac nulla sed nulla venenatis imperdiet.

##### Day 6 - Final Features + Deploy
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis cursus egestas mauris, non aliquet nunc feugiat eu. Sed pretium fringilla enim, ut laoreet dolor porttitor id. Nullam volutpat odio nibh, ut finibus quam rhoncus vitae. Donec volutpat sodales nisl. Duis dapibus mi eget egestas ornare. Sed libero diam, ullamcorper quis turpis et, tincidunt aliquet massa. Phasellus condimentum vulputate lobortis. Curabitur convallis rutrum eros, ut convallis dui faucibus sed. Integer tortor dolor, vulputate id neque ac, interdum euismod metus. Phasellus eget ornare erat. Mauris a quam in massa tincidunt rhoncus ut nec lectus. Cras ac nulla sed nulla venenatis imperdiet.

Commit message:

updated profile components and added more info to readme

README.md, after:

# Shook
In this increasingly flighty society, most apps are indulging our desire to reduce our accountability. Not anymore. Shook is an agreement app that can make, track, and enforce deals between friends, family members, coworkers and anyone in between. Never let your friend back out of a bet again and keep your kids on their chore grind with Shook. **Let's Shake On It!**

By [Zakir Butte](http://www.github.com/zakirb), [Scott Molsness](https://github.com/smolsn13), [Michael Hammer](https://github.com/HamMike), and [Daniel Heyward](http://www.github.com/danheyward).

***
### Technologies Used
* React.js
* React-Materialize
* Django
* PostgreSQL
* jQuery
* Axios

***
### User Stories

1) Mike's User Story
* Mike's Acceptance Criteria - blah

2) Zakir's User Story
* Zakir's Acceptance Criteria

3) Scott's User Story
* Scott's Acceptance Criteria

#### Keeping a household in working order
> "As a **mother of 3 teenage boys**, I want an app that will **keep a strict record of the chores my boys said they'd do** because I want to **reinforce accountability** while also maintaining a nice, clean house."

Acceptance Criteria
* The app is mobile responsive so I can make my Shakes on the go.
* The Recent Shakes section allows me to find my sons easily.
* My profile page updates when my sons complete or drop a shake.

***
### Wireframes

**WIREFRAMES GO HERE**


***
### Models

**MODELS GO HERE**


***
### Routes

**ROUTES GO HERE**

### Daily Progress

##### Day 1 - Planning
The team sat down with no idea what to do for our fourth and final Web Development Immersive project. We asked everyone for app ideas: our cohort, passing instructors, anyone who would listen but didn't hear anything that resonated with the group as a whole. We took to the internet to see if we could find some inspiration and we were not disappointed. The idea for Shook began to form out of a fun idea for a simple dare app.

With the initial 'Shake' model sketched, core features listed out and stretch features ranked by ease of implementation, the team left to work on user stories.

##### Day 2 - Base Code + App Connectivity
Connecting Django and React was a harder task than anticipated. The Shook team spent an afternoon running through a multitude of online tutorials on how to get the React frontend to speak to the Django backend. The core of the day was spent on ensuring this connection was solid before divvying up the component builds.

##### Day 3 - React Router + Token Authentication
Another intense day of connectivity issues! This time, the team was dealing with token authentication and React Router. While half the developers spent their time testing different solutions for routing, the other half built out the base components and the 'Shake' model. Albeit stressful, the team accomplished all the goals laid out in the scrum meeting beforehand. For take home, the goals were to fine tune the routing, add login and sign up functionality, and add wireframed styling to the components.

##### Day 4 - Lorem Ipsum
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis cursus egestas mauris, non aliquet nunc feugiat eu. Sed pretium fringilla enim, ut laoreet dolor porttitor id. Nullam volutpat odio nibh, ut finibus quam rhoncus vitae. Donec volutpat sodales nisl. Duis dapibus mi eget egestas ornare. Sed libero diam, ullamcorper quis turpis et, tincidunt aliquet massa. Phasellus condimentum vulputate lobortis. Curabitur convallis rutrum eros, ut convallis dui faucibus sed. Integer tortor dolor, vulputate id neque ac, interdum euismod metus. Phasellus eget ornare erat. Mauris a quam in massa tincidunt rhoncus ut nec lectus. Cras ac nulla sed nulla venenatis imperdiet.

##### Day 5 - Lorem Ipsum
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis cursus egestas mauris, non aliquet nunc feugiat eu. Sed pretium fringilla enim, ut laoreet dolor porttitor id. Nullam volutpat odio nibh, ut finibus quam rhoncus vitae. Donec volutpat sodales nisl. Duis dapibus mi eget egestas ornare. Sed libero diam, ullamcorper quis turpis et, tincidunt aliquet massa. Phasellus condimentum vulputate lobortis. Curabitur convallis rutrum eros, ut convallis dui faucibus sed. Integer tortor dolor, vulputate id neque ac, interdum euismod metus. Phasellus eget ornare erat. Mauris a quam in massa tincidunt rhoncus ut nec lectus. Cras ac nulla sed nulla venenatis imperdiet.

##### Day 6 - Final Features + Deploy
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis cursus egestas mauris, non aliquet nunc feugiat eu. Sed pretium fringilla enim, ut laoreet dolor porttitor id. Nullam volutpat odio nibh, ut finibus quam rhoncus vitae. Donec volutpat sodales nisl. Duis dapibus mi eget egestas ornare. Sed libero diam, ullamcorper quis turpis et, tincidunt aliquet massa. Phasellus condimentum vulputate lobortis. Curabitur convallis rutrum eros, ut convallis dui faucibus sed. Integer tortor dolor, vulputate id neque ac, interdum euismod metus. Phasellus eget ornare erat. Mauris a quam in massa tincidunt rhoncus ut nec lectus. Cras ac nulla sed nulla venenatis imperdiet.
